1. How to find bugs and how to find the appropriate solution for them?
2. What else can we do rather than fixing bugs in open source?
3. How much time will it take us to get comfortable with open source?
4. What are the skills required for outreachy selection?
5. How to convince the mentor that we can be an asset to the team?
6. How to contribute to the project and how to write the first patch(from where should I start)?
7. Should I contact the mentor first and then submit my application form?
8. The projects seem intimidating,how do I choose which one to work on?
9. Do I need to have all the skills beforehand(because they have mentioned various languages) or I can learn during the application process?
10. I fear that I can't be very useful for the community, that resists me from even starting to work on open source projects.
How can I tackle that?
11. I don't have any experience of open source, can I still hope that I can be selected for Outreachy(dec-march) if I contribute and learn during the process?or experience in open source is compulsory
12. I would want to build projects and also contribute in some. As I see you are actively working on open source projects, how would you suggest a student passing out from his sophomore year should go about building/contributing a good project. I am confident that I can do things. But I also acknowledge that I lack experience and clearly do not know how to start. 
13. I want to participate in Google Summer of Code 2016. So can you please help me to get selected in Google Summer of Code. I am new to open source and want to work on the projects that can make worldwide impact.
14. I know basics of c/c++,python,javascript. how do i become a linux kernel intern too ?
15. I want to apply in Outreachy this year. I learnt to code in C but moved on to Python and done competitive programming in it. I browsed through some open source projects on python but the libraries and frameworks they use and the source code itself look so vast and intimidating, I have no idea which and how to start learning. what technologies to learn, which projects to contribute to so that I have a good chance of getting my outreachy proposal accepted.
16. I am looking for starting Open Source Contribution. I am currently working in XYZ as an SDE. I mostly code in C++ and JAVA. I am interested in contributing to Kernel / mozilla projects. suggest me where to start and how to prepare for them. suggest me some starting point for contributing to kernel.
About me, I am really passionate about coding and open source projects and want a head start.
17. I had graduated as software engineer last year and now I am working as a java developer. I want to start contributing on github so I did read your article https://www.quora.com/How-do-I-participate-or-contribute-in-open-source-projects; More advice?
18. I was always and still fascinated by operating systems. I have read and experimented with MINIX source code, but that project is not supported now. So i thought of starting contributing to Linux kernel. But my problem is i m not getting where to start and as the code base is so vast.
19. I am a software engineer and just graduated. I have just Learned C programming language and also know more about Linux operation system . As i finished learning C i begin searching for projects written in C on Github to contribute to so i can help and get more experience at the same time. i am just a beginner so i need help what to do first to make my first contribution ? I have read a lot of your posts on your blog  but the beginning is still confusing >> how to start ? how to start for example for linux kernel ? Also i have another question about outreachy competition , is there any alternative to males?
20. I recently completed my second year and will advance to third year. [..] I thought it will be better to start preparing for GSoC and be exposed to the Open Source Communities and contribute to them. Also I would get to learn new things, as my coding skills are average as compared to my batch-mates. [..] and would love to contribute to them as a repayment of the favor.
21. I have contributed  some clean up patches to open source for /staging as well as /main mailing list. Now I want to learn and code for new things.I am interested c and Linux device driver and Python at beginner level.how should i start to do project or contribution at beginners? 
22. I'm a 2nd year IT student. I know C and C++ but I never contribute in open source…[..]....I really want to contribute my knowledge into open source..but I don't understand how to analyse the code I mean there are so many folder how I'll know where is bug...that is the main problem for me from which folder should I start...can you suggest me and send me some links for better understanding…
23. I am a 3rd year CSE student from IGDTUW. I was interested in open source. So I was thinking of doing something in open source space in this summer break. Bt I dont know how to start and how to find a project I could contribute to or make something of my own from scratch.
24. I m from 1 st year computer engineering with a bit knowledge of C programming. How  should I start or from where should I start preparations for GSoC 2017 from now. I am total newbie to open source and its projects and concepts like debugging!
25. I am a sophomore pursuing B.Tech in IT from IGDTUW. I am really interested in contributing to open source but don't really know where and how to start.I wish to participate in GSOC 2016 and similar programs this summer. I know basics of data structures and algorithms and know C,C++ languages. where to look or how to start?
26. I am a third year computer science ungraduate student from Hyderabad, India. I wish to get involved with Systers OS community and if possible apply for GSoC 2016 for a project with the community. 
Can you please help me find something to suitable to contribute to or work with? I have experience with RubyOnRails and Django Frameworks and am very fluent in Python and C languages. [GSOC, GCI] 
27. I saw XYZ's post about the outreachy and the Linux kernel contribution.I am interested in the internship too.But I happen to have a doubt regarding the same. I will have my placements this year.Will it be possible to prepare for the placements along with the internship (40 hours a week).How do I go about it? I am really confused.
28. I want to contribute to open source to learn real world programming. But whatever i read, i can't start open source. I really don't know how to start.
29. I am new to Opensource development and I am not geeting how to contribute. I dont know how easily everyone says fix a bug, what am I doing wrong. How to actually start doing. I also want to participate in GSoC and I have knowledge of C/C++ and little python. Help me get through this "I dont know what to do phase."
30. a second year electronics student at XYZ. I'm looking to get started on open source software, and well, it seems pretty overwhelming. I started with getting the version control of the organization I would like to work on, and I got the source code from the Git repository. And now it seems kind of confusing. I mean, I can build it, but it takes up a lot of resources and I don't know ho to move forward from here. Plus, what I really need is knowing how the code works.
31. I am final year student from XYZ. I have interest in system programming and I want to start kernel programming.
32. I'm 4th year undergraduate in  Computer Science & Engineering at XYZ. I'm using open source from an year. I completed Advanced Programming in Unix Environment by Richard Stevens and I'm pretty good at Shell. My language are C, C++ upto some extent, Core Java. I love to contribute to Open Source, but, I'm unable to do it. I tried many projects, I see a bug, try to fix it, will go through the source code, and will stuck. This is same for many of the projects. I am unable to do it. Can you be my mentor? Like give small tasks to complete, stuff like that. And now the second is Linux Kernel. I will be really very grateful if my project is Linux Kernel. I tried solving Eudyptula challenge, but not able to solve even one. I understood that I need some guidance from seniors to do this.  In your blog, you  mentioned about an Internship on Linux Kernel, Is that for beginners? or experienced people?? Can I do that, or they will announce when the internship start and all?? I want to know about that. 
33. I am XYZ, Computer Science graduate. I would like to apply for OPW for Linux Kernel. As an intern for the same project, could you tell me how you got started in contributing to Linux, what was your project idea, how you connected to mentors etc?
34. I want to contribute to the linux kernel too.I read kernelnewbies, installed the kernel. But I don't understand where to start from. 
   - Can you please tell me where I can find tasks?
   - Are there any good books that you referred to while working on these projects? Possibly that can help me solve these tasks.
   - I also looked for TODO tasks in the staging directory. But I don't understand things like: -make sure things build as modules properly
   - add proper arch dependencies as needed
   - audit userspace interfaces to make sure they are sane-
   - What can I refer to understand these better? 
   - Also where am I supposed to look for checkpatch.pl cleanups. On what files should I run this script on?
   - Also,can you please send me a links to your initial contributions to linux. I feel that they'll help me get a good idea.Can you please guide me?
35. I wanted to ask you from where do I start Learning about Linux so that one day I contribute to its kernel.I am a beginner and need from where did you learn about Linux.Books , Lectures,and other sources. 
36. I have been following open source projects and I seriously want to contribute there.I am highly interested in Linux Kernel Develpment.But neither am I able to locate the best way to get started nor the best documentation of Linux kernel. I also would like to contribute for many other available projects but for now just need a start.Can you guide me by atleast pointing out relevant content or getting started pages for some open source development on internet or somewhere else.
37. This is XYZ studying cse(2nd year) at XYZ. I know C and C++ and I am currently learning python.I have never contributed to open source but would like to be a part of it now as OPW provides a great opportunity. If you could guide me how to get started it would be of great help. I really wanted to know that what languages you knew and experience you had before contributing to such a huge platform? Should I apply for this round or should get some experience and apply for the winter round. Also I am more interested in coding projects than the documentations ones but I dont have much experience with API,frameworks or any such advanced level of programming. What should I do to get started and reach a level to contribute like you? 
38. I wanna start a project in Linux but i am not getting a point to start.I just started learning kernel module development and I have been blogging simultaneously at XYZ to keep track of my progress. I am interested in Computer Graphics and Operating Systems. Hence, I am learning OpenGL and Kernel Dev parallely. I am a novice programmer. I am currently doing my CS undergrad for XYZ. I just completed my 5th Semester. I planned to do some patches and dive more into open source these holidays. I need help in the approach and perception. I don't know where and how to start.
39. I searched but could find nothing regarding summers.. And the deadline for the winter one is over. I am sorry if it's there in the web but I have really exhaustively searched it.. Can you please give the link for the summer one too.? And di, are there more internships like these Gopw and gsoc?
40. I am computer science engineering student. I don't have any idea about open source code contribution,but i am interested. 
41. I plan to be a part of it in the upcoming Outreachy session, December 2016 to March 2017. I do not have an experience in Open Source. Though I have researched a lot on such open source programs but I am unable to find a path to get started that could help me make it to Outreachy this fall. Can you help me with the same?
42. I am in my 2nd semester [..] but I have some doubts about it..1st is Which language should I learn for Linux Kernel is it C or C++?? As I am a Web developer so according to skills (HTML5,CSS,JS,ANGULAR.JS,MYSQL ORACLE,PHP,NODE.JS) is there any project in LINUX COMMUNITY?
43. I had a doubt regarding Outreachy. I shall be having some 61 credits in the next semester when I shall be taking up Outreachy. Within this 61 credits, I shall have 5 credits for a stream project. I wish to take up the Outreachy project as the stream project. It shall be viable, right?
44. I don't know how to introduce myself on the mailing list. I have done udacity android basics course and have build around 10 projects as part of it. I like to take up challenges and hunt through tutorials and stackoverflow for answers. All my projects are hosted on github. So should I document each project and then give a link to my github profile in the introduction?

