# Umbrella Organizations in Google Summer of Code

## What are Umbrella Organizations? 

This is a term which you may or may not have heard of in the Open Source world as such organizations are more prevalent or rather relevant inside the Google Summer of Code (GSoC) framework. Umbrella organizations are basically large organizations which have smaller sub-organizations under it. 

The reason for their clustering under a parent organization varies. There might be several factors for such a structure.
* These organizations are funded/supported by the parent organization or are branches of the organization.
* Small/first-time organizations come together as an organization to increase their chances of selection into their program. 
* Small/first-time organization merges under a well established organization to increase their chances of selection the program. 
* A strong language based organization which floats several of it's popular modules as its sub-organizations.

## List of Umbrella Organizations

You can find the list of Umbrella Organizations along with the sub-organizations that participate in GSoC. Please note that this list corresponds to the organizations that participated in GSoC 2017. The organizations may or may not decide to participate in the future.

1. **BRL-CAD**

    - BRL-CAD - 3D solid modeling, ray tracing, and geometric analysis.
    - LibreCAD - 2D, specializing in blueprint-style drawings and draftings.
    - OpenSCAD - programmable 3D CAD geometry.
    - STEPcode - parsing the complex STEP geometry file format.
    - FreeCAD - parametric modeling with engineering functionality.
    - Slic3r - generating printing instructions for 3D printers.

2. **Cloud Native Computing Foundation**

    - Kubernetes -  Production-Grade Container Scheduling and Management 
    - Prometheus - The Prometheus monitoring system and time series database
    - OpenTracing - Consistent, expressive, vendor-neutral APIs for distributed tracing and context propagation
    - Fluentd - Unified Logging Layer
    - Linkerd - Resilient service mesh for cloud native apps
    - gRPC - A high performance, open source, general-purpose RPC framework
    - CoreDNS - CoreDNS is a DNS server that chains middleware
    - containerd - An open and reliable container runtime
    - rkt - Pod-native container engine for Linux
    - CNI - networking for Linux containers

3. **MicroKernel Devroom**

    - Genode - Operating system framework
    - HelenOS - portable microkernel-based multiserver operating system designed and implemented from scratch
    - GNUHurd - GNU project's replacement for the Unix kernel.
    - MINIX3 - It is based on a tiny microkernel running in kernel mode with the rest of the operating system running as a number of isolated, protected, processes in user mode.

4. **NumFOCUS**

    - conda-forge - A community led collection of recipes for the conda package manager.
    - Data Retriever - The Data Retriever is a package manager for data. It downloads, cleans, and stores publicly available data, so that analysts spend less time cleaning and managing data, and more time analyzing it.
    - FEniCS Project - The FEniCS Project is a collection of tools with extensive features for the automated and efficient solution of differential equations.
    - Gensim - Gensim is an open-source Python library for topic modelling, document indexing and similarity retrieval with large corpora.
    - matplotlib - matplotlib is a Python 2D plotting library which produces publication quality figures in a variety of hardcopy formats and interactive environments across platforms.
    - MDAnalysis - MDAnalysis is an object-oriented python toolkit to analyze molecular dynamics trajectories generated by CHARMM, Gromacs, Amber, NAMD, or LAMMPS.
    - nteract - nteract allows users to edit and share interactive notebook documents that contain explanatory text, executive code, and interactive visualizations.
    - PyMC3 - PyMC3 is a Python package for Bayesian statistical modeling and Probabilistic Machine Learning which focuses on advanced Markov chain Monte Carlo and variational fitting algorithms.
    - Stan - Stan is a probabilistic programming language for data analysis, enabling automatic inference for a large class of statistical models.

5. **Open Chemistry**

    - 3Dmol.js - 3D accelerated molecular graphics JavaScript library
    - Avogadro - advanced molecule editor and visualizer
    - cclib - parse, interpret and analyze computational chemistry data
    - MSDK - algorithms for processing mass spectrometry data
    - Open Babel - search, convert, analyze, or store chemical data
    - RDKit - cheminformatics and machine-learning software
    - NWChem - computational chemistry tools from classical to quantum

6. **Open Genome Informatics**

    - Galaxy - An open, web-based platform for accessible, reproducible, and transparent computational biomedical research
    - Generic Model Organism Database (GMOD): An open source project to develop a complete set of software for creating and administering a model organism database).
    - GBrowse: The Generic Genome Browser (GBrowse) is a web application for searching and displaying annotations on genomes.
    - Informatics and Bio-computing (OICR): The Informatics and Bio-computing group at the Ontario Institute for Cancer Research (OICR) develops new algorithms, software, databases, visualization tools and other necessary components to interpret genome datasets.
    - Intermine: InterMine is an open source data warehouse built specifically for the integration and analysis of complex biological data
    - JBrowse: JBrowse is being developed as the successor to GBrowse. It is a modern, fast genome browser implemented almost entirely in JavaScript, with some server-side formatting code in Perl.
    - Reactome: A manually curated database of core pathways and reactions in human biology that functions as a data mining resource and electronic textbook.
    - SequenceServer: A BLAST server for individual use or for sharing datasets with colleagues and community. Its minimalist, modern and thoughtful design lets user focus on the Biology and getting things do.

7. **Python Software Foundation**

    - Core Python - CPython, its standard library, and its infrastructure
    - GNU Mailman - Mailing list manager
    - HYDRA W3C Group - middleware for smart clients and machine learning
    - The Italian Mars Society - test bed for missions to Mars
    - Jython - Python for the Java platform
    - Kivy Organization - library for innovative user interfaces
    - Mercurial - free, distributed source control management tool
    - MNE-Python - processing electroencephalography (EEG) and magnetoencephalography (MEG) data
    - MyHDL - hardware description with Python
    - Peragro - a centralized asset server to ease collaboration between artists
    - Pylons Project - Pyramid web framework and related projects
    - PyPy - fast, compliant alternative implementation of the Python language
    - PySAL - Python Spatial Analysis Library
    - scikit-learn - Python module for machine learning
    - SciPy - library that provides fundamental routines for scientific computing
    - ScrapingHub - web crawling and data processing
    - Statsmodels - data analysis, statistics and econometrics
    - Theano - optimizing compiler for numpy.ndarray and scipy.sparse matrix
    - Timelab - time series analysis for astronomy, to study the variability in black hole emission
